How come?
It doesn't look good when opened.
I had laser surgery.
Will it take a while to get better?
know
Go to rest
Come here for me, okay, Mr. Gu
You handled this plan
Rephrase that.
Mr. Gu, I have already done this
Why can't you stand so far away?
Mr. Gu, please take a look
What's the focus of our plan this time?
It is the CBD of the 100th building that will be the story.
Joint creation of inlay
Hey, Mr. Gu, Mr. Gu, my hair is hanging
Please help me
Mr. Gu's meeting is about to start
I'll put it off.
Oh no uncle
That
Secretary Jiang
What gifts do you girls usually like?
I see what Xiaoxiao is usually looking at
Hermès bag
It is estimated that girls should like luxury goods
Bag
For example, Hermès global limited edition or something.
Hey, isn't there a saying that cures all diseases?
Just buy Hermès
Xiaoshun will deliver it to Zhenyue in 3 days.
Ah ok Mr. Gu
You give such an expensive gift
Is the other party your girlfriend?
Ask less of what you say you shouldn't ask
The legendary 10 million square meters of Zhenyuan
Also send a limited number of bags worldwide.
This Gu Yunting spoils her girlfriend so much
I must keep my child's secret
But